“Star Trek Beyond” actor Anton Yelchin died early Sunday morning at age 27 in a “fatal traffic collision,” according to his publicist, Jennifer Allen. Yelchin was found pinned between his car and a gate in his inclined driveway, Los Angeles police Officer Jenny Hosier told the Associated Press. The car was in neutral with the engine still running when the actor’s body was discovered, according to TMZ. Friends found the scene after becoming alarmed when he didn’t show up to meet them. No foul play is suspected. Yelchin, whose third turn as Chekov in the forthcoming “Star Trek” sequel is due in theaters next month, was an up-and-coming actor known for his roles in a number of films, including “Alpha Dog,” “Charlie Bartlett,” “Like Crazy” and “Green Room.” He was no stranger to working with big-name actors — including Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis, Robert Downey Jr., Diane Lane, Jennifer Lawrence and Susan Sarandon — while barely out of his teens. Born March 11, 1989, to figure-skating Russian parents, Yelchin and his family moved to the United States when he was 6-months-old. His first acting gig was on the hit show “ER” in 2000. Yelchin acted on several television shows, including “The Practice,” “Criminal Minds,” “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and “NYPD Blue.” But it was his turn in the 2001 film “Hearts in Atlantis,” based on Stephen King’s book, that earned him critical acclaim and a Young Artist Award for best performance in a feature film. Yelchin’s death brought an immediate outpouring of grief on Twitter, as his name and the titles of several of his films began to trend on the social-media site. Co-stars, friends and fans alike have expressed their condolences, including King and director Guillermo del Toro, who was set to work with Yelchin in his upcoming Netflix animated series, announced just last week.       our dear friend. our comrade. our anton. one of the most open and intellectually curious people i have ever had the pleasure to know. so enormously talented and generous of heart. wise beyond his years. and gone before his time. all love and strength to his family at this impossible time of grief. A post shared by Zachary Quinto (@zacharyquinto) on Jun 19, 2016 at 12:31pm PDT   Read more: